README.md, before:

# python_course_materials_with_Travis [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Neuroszima/python_course_materials_with_Travis.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Neuroszima/python_course_materials_with_Travis)

A materials for basic courses in Python, a summary of all you need to know about the language, as well a summary of what i have learned from various  basics, as well some concepts 
consists for now of 7 basic modules, which will be filled with content (5/7 filled for now):

## basics: 
  how to write simple scripts and use a few builtins functions, as well as basic program flow operations (if-else statement, for loop)
  ### current status: satisfying for now

## variables:
  something about variables and variable types, also more about builtins functions and 
  ### current status: satisfying for now
  
## functions:
  basic usage and creation of functions, including import of someones work
  ### current status: satisfying for now
  
## OOP_basics:
  writing classes, mostly simple ones
  ### current status: satisfying for now
  
## OOP_magic_methods:
  how classes utilize magic/d-under methods, or as others call them "data model" methods?
  ### current status: not implemented yet
  
## db_interaction
  database management, with PostgreSQL database and psycopg-binary lib.
  ### current status: not implemented yet
  
## decorators
  a module about decorators, with explaination about what, why and how to make them.
  ### current status: satisfying for now
  
# How to use a repository?

Just download it and install requirements, if there are any (may appear in the future, current req. is the numpy library for matrix multiplication in the variables module).

Next step - if you want to conduct a course of python yourself, just delete all the files you downloaded, except tests. Tests provided in this repositories were made after the features were introduced to their respected modules. Run them during classes to see which features you did not yet discusss, making sure you will not miss important things a language provide. 

To recap, tests are here not for testing the code you write (well they test it, but that's not how you should think of them), instead they are to test YOU, a potential lecurer, so you won't miss anything you might miss during live sessions for students, or whoever you explain Python to.

Hope you will like what you see in this repository, and if you think i miss something let me know, i will be happy to fix this :)

# TODO

### ENG language translation of comments!
### implementation of other modules!
### satisfying for now == thinking about improvements

Commit message:

more tests, now to OOP_inheritance_and_more, as well as variables.py
test for "voidness" of functions, tuple/lists mention, inheritance and
diamond problem, stub for generators and iterators module

README.md, after:

# python_course_materials_with_Travis [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Neuroszima/python_course_materials_with_Travis.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Neuroszima/python_course_materials_with_Travis)

A materials for basic courses in Python, a summary of all you need to know about the language, as well a summary of what i have learned from various  basics, as well some concepts 
consists for now of 8 basic modules, which will be filled with content (5/8 filled for now):

## basics: 
  how to write simple scripts and use a few builtins functions, as well as basic program flow operations (if-else statement, for loop)
  ### current status: satisfying for now

## variables:
  something about variables and variable types, also more about builtins functions and 
  ### current status: looking again, need more tests, and a bit more content
  
## functions:
  basic usage and creation of functions, including import of someones work
  ### current status: looking again, need more tests, and more content
  
## OOP_basics:
  writing classes, mostly simple ones
  ### current status: satisfying for now
  
## OOP_inheritance_and_more:
  what is inheritance? can a class inherit from many ancestors?
  how classes utilize magic/d-under methods, or as others call them "data model" methods?
  ### current status: started working, tests not implemented fully
  
## db_interaction
  database management, with PostgreSQL database and psycopg-binary lib.
  ### current status: not implemented yet
  
## decorators
  a module about decorators, with explaination about what, why and how to make them.
  ### current status: satisfying for now, tests not implemented
  
## generators_and_iterators
  how to create your own iterating class/object; writing generators
  ### current status: not implemented yet
  
  
# How to use a repository?

Just download it and install requirements, if there are any (more may appear in the future, current req. 
is the numpy library for matrix multiplication in the variables module).

Next step - if you want to conduct a course of python yourself, just delete all the files you downloaded, except tests. 
Tests provided in this repositories were made after the features were introduced to their respected modules. 
Run them during classes to see which features you did not yet discusss, 
making sure you will not miss important things a language provide. 

To recap, tests are here not for testing the code you write (well they test it, but that's not how you should think of them), 
instead they are here to test YOU, a potential lecturer, 
so that you won't miss anything you might miss during live sessions for students, or whoever you explain Python to.

Hope you will like what you see in this repository, and if you think i miss something let me know, 
i will be happy to fix this :)

# TODO

### ENG language translation of comments!
### implementation of other modules!
### satisfying for now == thinking about improvements
